[Music]
five years after the existence of the
titans
was revealed to the world dr emma
russell a paleobiologist working for the
titan
studying organization monarch and her
daughter madison
witnessed the birth of a larva called
mothra emma calms mothra using the orca
a device that can emit frequencies to
attract or alter
titan behavior a group of eco-terrorists
led by former british army colonel alan
jonah
attacks the base and kidnaps emma and
madison while mothra flees and
pupates under a nearby waterfall monarch
scientists
dr ishiro sarazawa and dr vivian graham
approached former employee dr mark
russell emma's ex-husband and madison's
father
to help track them down mark is
reluctant at first
due to his hatred toward godzilla whom
he blames for the death of his son
during the events in san francisco which
took place in the 2014 movie godzilla
but he eventually agrees to help the
monarch team
follows godzilla to antarctica where
jonah intends to free a three-headed
titan
codenamed monster zero emma frees and
awakens monster zero
who battles godzilla devours graham
and escapes the team later deduces that
emma is working with the terrorists from
a monarch bunker in boston
emma contacts monarch and argues that
the titans must be awakened
in order to heal the earth from the
damages that humans have caused
emma awakens rodan in mexico and the
monarch team
lure it towards monster zero after rodan
is defeated
godzilla ambushes monster zero and
severs his left head
during the fight the us navy launches a
prototype weapon called the oxygen
destroyer
seemingly killing godzilla unaffected
monster zero regrows his lost head
and awakens all the other dormant titans
around the world
with rodan submitting to his rule as a
result
madison disowns emma through
mythological texts
dr eileen chen discovers that monster
zero
is king ghidorah a prehistoric alien
seeking to terraform the earth
mothra emerges from her cocoon and flies
to monarch's bermuda base
to communicate with godzilla who is
recuperating in an ancient underwater
city
via submarine the team locates
godzilla's lair
which is highly radioactive they deduce
it will take
too long for godzilla to heal on his own
and decide to detonate a nuclear warhead
to speed up the process
sara zawa sacrifices himself by manually
detonating the warhead
reviving godzilla and increasing his
power emma realizes the destruction
ghidorah and the other titans will bring
to the world
is much worse than anything that humans
could inflict but jonah ignores her
pleas to stop
madison overhears this and steals the
orca arriving at fenway park
madison broadcasts a frequency that
calms the titans
but unwittingly attracts all of them to
her location
ghidorah lands in boston to destroy the
orca godzilla arrives with monarch
personnel's assistance to engage him in
battle
mark leads a team to rescue madison and
escape the city after learning
godzilla's radiation levels are
increasing
and will lead to a thermonuclear
explosion mothra arrives to help
godzilla
but is intercepted by rodan she defeats
him but is injured in the process
ghidorah overpowers godzilla and
prepares to kill him
but mothra sacrifices herself and
transfers her energy to godzilla
mark emma and madison are reunited and
reactivate the orca to lure ghidorah
away from godzilla
emma sacrifices herself to lead ghidorah
away giving mark
madison and the monarch team time to
escape
godzilla enters a newly empowered state
and defeats ghidorah
rodin and the other titans converge on
godzilla
and bow to him during the end credits
news clippings and
monarch files show that the titans are
helping to heal the planet
a suspected second mothra egg has been
discovered
and some of the titans are converging on
skull island
ancient cave paintings of godzilla and
kong in battle are shown
in a post-credit scene jonah and his
forces
purchased ghidorah's severed left head
in mexico